Remove `v10` legacy custom properties (#8374)
Shopify/polaris: polaris-tokens/README.md

// Token values only
import {tokens} from '@shopify/polaris-tokens';

> console.log(tokens.color.bg); // 'rgba(246, 246, 247, 1)'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(tokens.color['color-bg']); // 'rgba(...)'
```

// Tokens with metadata
import {metadata} from '@shopify/polaris-tokens';

> console.log(metadata.color.bg.value); // 'rgba(246, 246, 247, 1)'
> console.log(metadata.color.bg.description); // 'For use as a background color, in components such as Page and Frame backgrounds.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(metadata.color['color-bg'].value); // 'rgba(...)'
console.log(metadata.color['color-bg'].description); // 'For use as a background color, in components such as Page and Frame backgrounds.'
```
